and well hello to all and jordi a war
and today we find ourselves for a
any new video
so what a video kiss so it was
a video that will participate in the contest
is like anne this is his competition of
I'm not going to dwell on
the question I participate with here with
his two busts man is there and the moc
could not make a nice gift
so here I go I'll finish this
video by small photos photo of
he makes fun of me with the characters and the
characters each this is how to say
the photos a little cleaner for that
it's really nique
that's okay so I just have you
quickly introduce the company you
explain a little bit so already at the time of
so already there it's happening in the office
from stan lee you will see in details after
and next to night we have sir
fantastic
so here are the two of the custom so to
we have a fireplace
behind we have boards I say it
spider man comics boards
created by staline here we have his
desk there a little lamp and so here
I worked on the tan the edge yes and
it's a bit like any good binoculars fan
just have a little these two colors peas
gave a rather satisfactory result
so I think I have pretty much everything
said on this word on this skit that
really it's really a small
sole of the c to you to illustrate
that the characters are placed in
decor can take you
characters for that can have a little
what it does not even feel before he
do not change much but good
it's not funny so here's the scene being
where are the characters so
here I really wanted the masters
not necessarily josé loam so here
somewhere we naturally I
have to admit that I am rather
satisfied with this is bad
so we'll start with their old ones from
first custom that will be I am the same
who could go well and so we
starts with their magazines or custom
stan lee so the stand custom
identical in its version of the game lego
marvel super heroes here is the hull
gray is the little glasses here
so we also have the little jacket of
more beautiful effect with two under the shirt
white so the pants that is black
so I really do not think too much
poorly done quite simple one year his
realization but I think it's
more beautiful effect is it is rather not
wrong
I have not really it's not really sure
here that I spent the most time
it's on mister fantastic and will come
after that yes yes I'm really going
try to play between two three things
who will see you in a photo a little
cleaner at the end I'm trying to
really do the best I can for
present you a pretty clean video
so that you can quickly
put good happy who puts in well
value is precisely
so that's what she's for
denies I think I have pretty much everything
said and then well if his torso and all and
necklines I did not go back to the
pump at this no mr fantastic
so it's mister's turn
fantastic to go through there so to
the stage of their review flight a
frankly I can not find too much
wrong so already the legs
there is painting on the world legion
vote is not finally we see a little there he
there is a little black paint on them
legs to do a little like
kinds of boots want between the torso
to retort not it's really the most
need
in fact if you want so I printed
in blue
play the bass or blues band
argoul but in blouse problem is that
Blues had no nails with
torso
it's still not too bad so I have
tried with paint to put of
painting on the chest to make
to sell his own but actually it was going
not at all the color year she is not
no more and there I tried in the felt
to iron sas the maximum one recognizes there
in the felt and everything and then I find that
it's not too bad the blue is fine
so here is the head years and a head I
could she be fine with the
character so I pray them is there it's
a cut so black a black shell
with the famous white bands that
are in sewer not super super well done
with white paint here I
do my best to make her
make my best possible
to make it ok I did really
my possible for it to be better
possible
here it is but it's not totally
satisfied with the result of this character
so here are the hands they are black
here I am not really conquered
by this character I will not you
hide I thought how to say I
wanted to do better gold much you do
not at the same time but you want to do
better frankly I think he is
good but no more
so here is mister fantastic where the man
elastic and here is lee stan I wanted
hold me like this
so here are the two so here it is
as well as will complete this video then
have we ever seen I put you back into
that and so that's how
finish this video so the review of
his two tom and their skits
who is behind for the goncourt of
lego man so here's a contest of
custom to celebrate his five senses to
subscribers I congratulate him who makes a
work of pros here is liked this video
commented the said me really what
you think of these custom these two
custom that took me not bad
time yeah some time and Bah
here I think I think I have everything
say so liked comment subscribe
and oh and that's what so I hope that
you will have appreciated these custom blues and
we do not find ourselves so much for not
other videos your video I have not hurt
and I have two three ideas of videos to
come on so here I 'll see a little
how's it going to happen but thanks a lot
to all and to the next
it made me really happy to
can you offer these custom that
took a lot of my time
proud to show you
I am quite happy with the actual result
level there go